Add ThreatMapper file (#220)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/threatmapper.md

---
name: ThreatMapper

> category: Security

Author: ```suggestion
category: Security applications
```

> description: Threat Mapper is a security tool designed to assess and map potential threats within IT environments.

Author: ```suggestion
description: ThreatMapper is a security tool designed to assess and map potential threats within IT environments.
```

download_url: https://github.com/deepfence/ThreatMapper/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 2.1.0

>     release_date: 13/02/2024

Author: please use correct date format.
